---
layout: post
title: "deBridge"
date: 2024-12-24 03:21:08 +0530
categories: [unclassified]
tags: [all,unclassified]

---

## [Project Website](https://debridge.foundation/checker)

deBridge is a generic messaging and cross-chain interoperability protocol that enables decentralized transfers of arbitrary data and assets between various blockchains. The validation of cross-chain transactions is performed by a network of independent validators who are elected by and work for the deBridge governance.

## Token claim

Eligible User : not known
Number of Claimants : not known

## Project Ticker: DBR

## Airdrop Type

## Airdrop Timeline

| Blockchain snapshot     | Claiming Started           | Claiming ends    |
| ----------------------- |:--------------------------:| ----------------:|
|     July 23, 2024, 21:00 UTC         |       October 17, 2024        |  May 17, 2025    |

## Amount Received in tokens

| Max        |    Median / Average  |       Min    |
| ---------- |:--------------------:| ------------:|
| not known  |     not known        |  not known   |

For checking price visit [coinmarketcap](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/) and [coingecko](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/)

## [Criteria For Airdrop](link)
- Users who obtained points via the deBridge points program before the snapshot date on July 23, 2024, 21:00 UTC, are eligible for season 1. This include: 
- Points granted to users for their cross-chain bridging activity on deBridge and applications of deBridge integration partners.
- Referral points granted to active community members who shared their referral links as well as integration partners.
- Solvers that initiate unlock messages on deBridge Liquidity Network (DLN) after providing liquidity to users, and also users and projects that have used deBridge’s cross-chain asset custody solution (dePort) in order to bring their assets cross-chain.
- LPs to deSwap v1 pools on Curve before deBridge moved to a zero TVL model.
- Messaging referral points to projects and addresses referring users for deBridge messaging.
- IaaS subscription initiators.

## Any other links
https://docs.debridge.foundation/
