---
layout: post
title: "Uniswap"
date: 2020-09-01 03:21:08 +0530
categories: ['defi', 'dex', 'protocol']
tags: [all,2k20,dex] # Tag names should always be lowercase
---



## [Uniswap Website](https://uniswap.org/)

According to their website it is a swap, earn, and build on the leading decentralized crypto trading protocol.

## Token claim

Eligible User : 251,534

Number of Claimants : 220,222

## Project Ticker

UNI

## Airdrop Type

Retroactive

## Airdrop Timeline

| Blockchain snapshot     | Claiming Started           | Claiming ends    |
| ----------------------- |:--------------------------:| ----------------:|
|  September 1, 2020      |  September 19, 2020        |   not known      |

## Amount Received in tokens  

| Max        |    Median / Average  |       Min    |
| ---------- |:--------------------:| ------------:|
|2,103,516.59|     400/620.13       |  400         |

for checking price visit [coinmarketcap](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/uni) and [coingeko](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/uni)

## [Criteria For Airdrop](https://blog.uniswap.org/uni)

* Historical Liquidity Providers: 49,166,400 UNI tokens, which represent 4.91664% of the total UNI airdrop, are claimable by historical liquidity providers. This includes users who provided liquidity on Uniswap v1 on a per-second basis since its deployment, ensuring that rewards are weighted towards LPs that provided liquidity when total liquidity was low.

* Historical Users: 100,613,600 UNI tokens, which represent 10.06136% of the total UNI airdrop, are split evenly across all 251,534 historical user addresses that have ever called the Uniswap v1 or v2 contracts. This includes approximately 12,000 addresses that have only ever submitted failed transactions.

* SOCKS Holders/Redeemers: 220,000 UNI tokens, which represent 0.022% of the total UNI airdrop, are claimable by 220 SOCKS holders/redeemers. Each address that has either redeemed SOCKS tokens for physical socks or owned at least one SOCKS token at the snapshot date is eligible to claim 1,000 UNI tokens.

Overall, 15% of UNI tokens, which amounts to 150,000,000 UNI, can be claimed by historical liquidity providers, users, and SOCKS redeemers/holders based on a snapshot taken on September 1, 2020, at 12:00 am UTC.

## Any other links
